#Identify two embedded systems that are sold on the market today and analyze their interfaces.

Washing Machine A washing machine from an embedded systems point of view has:
 Hardware: Buttons, Display& buzzer, electronic circuitry.
 Software: It has a chip on the circuit that holds the software which drives controls & monitors the variousoperations possible.
 Mechanical Components: the internals of a washing machine which actually washes the clothes controlWashing Machine
A washing machine from an embedded systems point of view has:
 Hardware: Buttons, Display& buzzer, electronic circuitry.
 Software: It has a chip on the circuit that holds the software which drives controls & monitors the variousoperations possible.
 Mechanical Components: the internals of a washing machine which actually washes the clothes control
:Washing Machine A washing machine from an embedded systems point of view has:
 Hardware: Buttons, Display& buzzer, electronic circuitry.
 Software: It has a chip on the circuit that holds the software which drives controls & monitors the variousoperations possible.
 Mechanical Components: the internals of a washing machine which actually washes the clothes controlthe input and output of water,
the chassis itself.Example 2: Air ConditionerAn Air Conditioner from an embedded systems point of view has:
 Hardware: Remote, Display & buzzer, Infrared Sensors, electronic circuitry.
 Software: It has a chip on the circuit that holds the software which drives controls & monitors the variousoperations possible.
The software monitors the external temperature through the sensors and then releasesthe coolant or suppresses it.
 Mechanical Components: the internals of an air conditioner the motor, the chassis, the outlet, etc:
Washing Machine A washing machine from an embedded systems point of view has:
 Hardware: Buttons, Display& buzzer, electronic circuitry.
 Software: It has a chip on the circuit that holds the software which drives controls & monitors the variousoperations possible.
 Mechanical Components: the internals of a washing machine which actually washes the clothes controlthe input and output of water,
the chassis itself.Example 2: Air ConditionerAn Air Conditioner from an embedded systems point of view has:
 Hardware: Remote, Display & buzzer, Infrared Sensors, electronic circuitry.
 Software: It has a chip on the circuit that holds the software which drives controls & monitors the variousoperations possible.
The software monitors the external temperature through the sensors and then releasesthe coolant or suppresses it.
 Mechanical Components: the internals of an air conditioner the motor, the chassis, the outlet, etc
Image: https://html1-f.scribdassets.com/2laj4kz8ow6m7g6j/images/1-edc9a35590.jpg



#Describe all inputs to each system and outputs from each system.

WASHING MACHINE:
Input wise:
Door lock - open/closed
 Water level sensor - open/closed 2 or 3 levels
Wash motor tachometer - either digital using Hall IC or voltage generator.
Temperature sensor Resistance (Thermistor) or open/closed thermostat.

Then additionally you could have:
Water flow sensor - Digital
Analogue water level sensor - Resistance
Out of balance sensor - Accelerometer

Output wise you have
Power to the door lock - mains voltage
Power to the inlet valve/s - mains voltage
Power to the wash motor or to the wash motor speed control board.
Power to the heater element - mains voltage
Power to the drain pump - mains voltage

AIR CONDITIONER:
Input devices: buttons, control dials etc. on the air conditioner housing (if there are any),
plus buttons on the remote control (if there is one)

Output devices: a sound emitter to go ‘beep’, LED lights, sometimes an LCD or similar display panel.
In a sense, another output is cold air, but that may not be what the question is really asking for
I would be inclined to not include that as an output of the device, since it’s more the main function of the device.

#Classify the inputs and outputs based on their mode of interaction:

-Visual - describing data carried by visible light

-Audio - describing data carried by sound

-Tactile - describing data carried by touch

-Electronic - describing data encoded in electrical signals

AIR CONDITIONER
INPUTS
buttons-visual
control dials-visual
OUTPUTS
sound emitter-audio

WASHING MACHINE
INPUT
water level-visual
OUTPUT
door lock-electronic
washed clothes-visual
sound that tells clothes are washed-audio

